documentation tutorial: Append What's Next page (#22645)
sympy/sympy: doc/src/tutorial/next.rst

What’s Next
===========

Congratulations on finishing the SymPy tutorial!

> The next step to help you get started is to go to the :ref:`How-to Guides <guides>` for instructions on how to do different key developer tasks.

Reviewer: Maybe this edit or something similar?
```
If you are interested in helping to develop SymPy a good next step are the :ref:`How-to Guides <guides>` which discuss key developer tasks.
```

Author: Thanks for the review @smichr. How about this, to clarify that the guides are for people interested in using SymPy in their development (rather than contributing to SymPy):

```suggestion
If you are a developer interested in using SymPy in your code, please visit the :ref:`How-to Guides <guides>` which discuss key developer tasks.
```
